Improve the reliability of multi-threaded QNodeCollection execution by adding thread locking during queuing (#918)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: .github/CHANGELOG.md

  
* Fixes a bug which prevents `TorchLayer` from doing `backward` when CUDA is enabled.
  [(#899)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/899)
  

> * Fixes a bug where multi-threaded execution of `QNodeCollection` sometimes fails because of simultaneous execution of `with` blocks. [(#910)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/918)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug where multi-threaded execution of `QNodeCollection` sometimes fails because of simultaneous execution of `with` blocks. [(#918)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/918)
```

* Fixes a bug which prevents `TorchLayer` from doing `backward` when CUDA is enabled.
  [(#899)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/899)
  

> * Fixes a bug where multi-threaded execution of `QNodeCollection` sometimes fails because of simultaneous execution of `with` blocks. [(#910)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/918)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug where multi-threaded execution of `QNodeCollection` sometimes fails
  because of simultaneous queuing. This is fixed by adding thread locking during queuing.
  [(#910)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/918)
```
The line breaks make it a bit easier to read :)
